now i want to understand how the start / stop / status bat files work. do they do the same thing as the bootstrap file or is there a reason why not?


i want you to repeat this task back to me and tell me if you understand:


3 - update readme
4 - update working with AI
5 - chat bot using LLM?


1 - error on page load with default-doc
2 - change "user1" checked out message
3 - still getting the compile failure flash when loading the add-in
4 - wrap toolbar
5 - lock based on permissions (word and the web)
6 - OG assist
7 - templates
8 - add users



easter eggs



need to refresh the page a lot to stay in sync
view banner not present
sync across platforms still flakey

send to vendor
approvals

also are we locking the document based on the user role, eg locked 


web suggestor always in suggestor mode (locked)
web wrap the toolbar
word lock based on permission level






--startup
installation message (startup)
--
message    = 'Hi there, thanks for offering to help, and for making it this far! Any feedback at all would be great - slack or email me.\n\nThe next steps might be a little daunting if this is the first time you've used this type of software. But I promise, it's not that bad.\n\nClear off your desktop, or create a new one, and make sure word is closed. Once you click "go for it baby!" a few things will happen:\n\n1 - it will start raining tacos\n2 - tons of windows will pop up. seriously, it will look like I'm acquaintenanceing you on friendster. bridge too far?\n3 - your web browser will open up with a nifty website\n4 - word should show up with a similarly nifty thing on the side\n\nAlternatively, this could crash and nothing will happen.\n\nLet's live on the edge!\n\n---\n'

Suggestion: add a small /style-guide route that renders all tokens and key components (Button, Modal, Pill, Badge) to verify theming visually in one place.





Done 8/26
1 - stop restarting word and just point to whatever is open
2 - fix status not looking at 4002
3 - get a single bat file for stop,start, and status, so they don't require 3 clicks. do we already have a bootstrap file though? is it a bad idea to have a bat file that mirrors the bootstrap one?
4 - reverse the ordering of notifications and put it in a bell
5 - disable checkboxes in approvals if you can't over-ride
6 - banners and spacing within the add-in
7 - remove the exhibit configuration
8 - standardize button, pill, banner styling
9 - flashing new features modal
10 - back to opengov

